[ruby] Condense Profiling Setup Docs (#9386)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/ruby/common/profiling/index.mdx

The <PlatformIdentifier name="profiles_sample_rate" /> setting is _relative_ to the <PlatformIdentifier name="traces_sample_rate" /> setting.

> Profiling requires Sentry’s performance monitoring to be enabled via `traces_sample_rate` in the example above. Read our <PlatformLink to="/performance/">performance setup documentation</PlatformLink> to learn how to configure sampling. Setting the sample rate to 1.0 means all transactions will be captured.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Profiling to work, you have to first enable Sentry’s performance monitoring via `traces_sample_rate` (like in the example above). Read our <PlatformLink to="/performance/">performance setup documentation</PlatformLink> to learn how to configure sampling. If you set your sample rate to 1.0, all transactions will be captured.

```
@smeubank I think this will actually stand out more if it's not in the format of a note. There are so many notes on this page that it makes it easy to ignore them :)

Author: i don't actually want it to standout more, i think this note level info, it is in the copy paste to include the sample rate and explanation below the page
